README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">Hi 👋, I'm buxo </h1>
<h3 align="center">An It student   and tech enthousiast </h3>

<p align="left"> <img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=buxo712&label=Profile%20views&color=0e75b6&style=flat" alt="buxo712" /> </p>




---
[![](https://visitcount.itsvg.in/api?id=buxo712&icon=0&color=0)](https://visitcount.itsvg.in)



<div align="left">
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/javascript/javascript-original.svg" height="40" alt="javascript logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/intellij/intellij-original.svg" height="40" alt="intellij logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/java/java-original.svg" height="40" alt="java logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/jira/jira-original.svg" height="40" alt="jira logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/phpstorm/phpstorm-original.svg" height="40" alt="phpstorm logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/vscode/vscode-original.svg" height="40" alt="vscode logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/jenkins/jenkins-line.svg" height="40" alt="jenkins logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/git/git-original.svg" height="40" alt="git logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/html5/html5-original.svg" height="40" alt="html5 logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/illustrator/illustrator-plain.svg" height="40" alt="illustrator logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/mysql/mysql-original.svg" height="40" alt="mysql logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/php/php-original.svg" height="40" alt="php logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/photoshop/photoshop-plain.svg" height="40" alt="photoshop logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/pycharm/pycharm-original.svg" height="40" alt="pycharm logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/python/python-original.svg" height="40" alt="python logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/ubuntu/ubuntu-plain.svg" height="40" alt="ubuntu logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/androidstudio/androidstudio-original.svg" height="40" alt="androidstudio logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/android/android-original.svg" height="40" alt="android logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/bootstrap/bootstrap-original.svg" height="40" alt="bootstrap logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/css3/css3-original.svg" height="40" alt="css3 logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/github/github-original.svg" height="40" alt="github logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/gitlab/gitlab-original.svg" height="40" alt="gitlab logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/laravel/laravel-original.svg" height="40" alt="laravel logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/linux/linux-original.svg" height="40" alt="linux logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/nodejs/nodejs-original.svg" height="40" alt="nodejs logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/notion/notion-original.svg" height="40" alt="notion logo"  />
</div>

###

<div align="left">
  <img height="200" src="https://media0.giphy.com/media/qgQUggAC3Pfv687qPC/giphy.gif?cid=6c09b952pd2lcrpqvbyoinkr1a2xk63ei07b4rxg2p3q7wf0&ep=v1_gifs_search&rid=giphy.gif&ct=g"  />
</div>


# 📊 GitHub Stats:
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=buxo712&theme=merko&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=false&count_private=false)<br/>
![](https://nirzak-streak-stats.vercel.app/?user=buxo712&theme=merko&hide_border=false)<br/>

Commit message:

Update README with personal details and skills
Expanded personal introduction and outlined skills and interests.

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">Hi 👋, I'm buxo </h1>
<h3 align="center">An It student   and tech enthousiast </h3>



    👋 Hey there!
    I’m an IT student and tech enthusiast based in Kinshasa.
    I love learning by building — from small experiments to practical projects that help me grow as a developer.
    You’ll find here some of my work using web and backend technologies, all created from scratch as I keep improving my coding skills and exploring new ideas.

🧰 Tools & Technologies

    Frontend: HTML, CSS

    Backend & Logic: PHP, Java, Python

    Database: SQL (MySQL)

    Other Interests: Cybersecurity, Data Engineering, and Software Testing

🧩 A Bit About Me

    🖥️ Passionate about coding and problem-solving

    📘 Always exploring new tech and frameworks

    ⚙️ Interested in full-stack development

    ⚽ Big fan of football and online games

    🧱 I believe in building things that are simple, functional, and easy to understand


<p align="left"> <img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=buxo712&label=Profile%20views&color=0e75b6&style=flat" alt="buxo712" /> </p>




---
[![](https://visitcount.itsvg.in/api?id=buxo712&icon=0&color=0)](https://visitcount.itsvg.in)



<div align="left">
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/javascript/javascript-original.svg" height="40" alt="javascript logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/intellij/intellij-original.svg" height="40" alt="intellij logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/java/java-original.svg" height="40" alt="java logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/jira/jira-original.svg" height="40" alt="jira logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/phpstorm/phpstorm-original.svg" height="40" alt="phpstorm logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/vscode/vscode-original.svg" height="40" alt="vscode logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/jenkins/jenkins-line.svg" height="40" alt="jenkins logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/git/git-original.svg" height="40" alt="git logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/html5/html5-original.svg" height="40" alt="html5 logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/illustrator/illustrator-plain.svg" height="40" alt="illustrator logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/mysql/mysql-original.svg" height="40" alt="mysql logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/php/php-original.svg" height="40" alt="php logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/photoshop/photoshop-plain.svg" height="40" alt="photoshop logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/pycharm/pycharm-original.svg" height="40" alt="pycharm logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/python/python-original.svg" height="40" alt="python logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/ubuntu/ubuntu-plain.svg" height="40" alt="ubuntu logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/androidstudio/androidstudio-original.svg" height="40" alt="androidstudio logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/android/android-original.svg" height="40" alt="android logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/bootstrap/bootstrap-original.svg" height="40" alt="bootstrap logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/css3/css3-original.svg" height="40" alt="css3 logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/github/github-original.svg" height="40" alt="github logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/gitlab/gitlab-original.svg" height="40" alt="gitlab logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/laravel/laravel-original.svg" height="40" alt="laravel logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/linux/linux-original.svg" height="40" alt="linux logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/nodejs/nodejs-original.svg" height="40" alt="nodejs logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/notion/notion-original.svg" height="40" alt="notion logo"  />
</div>

###

<div align="left">
  <img height="200" src="https://media0.giphy.com/media/qgQUggAC3Pfv687qPC/giphy.gif?cid=6c09b952pd2lcrpqvbyoinkr1a2xk63ei07b4rxg2p3q7wf0&ep=v1_gifs_search&rid=giphy.gif&ct=g"  />
</div>


# 📊 GitHub Stats:
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=buxo712&theme=merko&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=false&count_private=false)<br/>
![](https://nirzak-streak-stats.vercel.app/?user=buxo712&theme=merko&hide_border=false)<br/>
